# Terms and Conditions

By downloading or using any app published by Fishball Ltd, these terms will
automatically apply to you – therefore, you should read them carefully before
using the app. You are not allowed to copy or modify the app, any part of the
app, or our trademarks in any way. You are not allowed to attempt to extract the
source code of the app, and you also should not try to translate the app into
other languages or create derivative versions. The app itself, and all
trademarks, copyright, database rights, and other intellectual property rights
related to it, still belong to Fishball Ltd.

Fishball Ltd is committed to ensuring that all its apps are as useful and
efficient as possible. For that reason, we reserve the right to make changes to
the app or to charge for its services at any time and for any reason. We will
never charge you for the app or its services without making it very clear to you
exactly what you are paying for.

Each app may store and process personal data that you have provided to us, to
provide our services. It is your responsibility to keep your phone and access to
the app secure. We therefore recommend that you do not jailbreak or root your
phone, which is the process of removing software restrictions and limitations
imposed by the official operating system of your device. This could make your
phone vulnerable to malware, viruses, and malicious programs, compromise your
phone’s security features, and could result in the app not working properly or
at all.

The app does use third-party services that declare their Terms and Conditions.

## Link to Terms and Conditions of third-party service providers used by the app

- [Google AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543)
- [Google Play Services](https://policies.google.com/terms)
- [Apple App Store](https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/data/en/app-store/)
- [Google Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/terms)

## Limitation of Liability

Fishball Ltd will not be liable for any damages arising from the use or
inability to use the app, including indirect, incidental, or consequential
damages. This includes, but is not limited to, loss of data, loss of revenue, or
business interruption.

## Governing Law & Jurisdiction

These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
England and Wales. Any disputes arising out of or in connection with these Terms
shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of England and
Wales.

## Termination of Service

At some point, we may wish to update the app. The app is currently available on
Android – the requirements for the system (and for any additional systems we
decide to extend the availability of the app to) may change, and you’ll need to
download the updates if you want to keep using the app. Fishball Ltd does not
promise that it will always update the app so that it is relevant to you and/or
works with the Android version that you have installed on your device. However,
you promise to always accept updates to the application when offered to you. We
may also wish to stop providing the app, and may terminate use of it at any
time. If we decide to discontinue the app, we will make reasonable efforts to
notify you in advance. Unless we tell you otherwise, upon any termination, (a)
the rights and licenses granted to you in these terms will end; (b) you must
stop using the app, and (if needed) delete it from your device.

## Changes to This Terms and Conditions

We may update our Terms and Conditions from time to time. Thus, you are advised
to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any
changes by posting the new Terms and Conditions on this page.

These terms and conditions are effective as of **2024-06-16**.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Terms and Conditions, do not
hesitate to contact us at yo@fishball.app.
